README.md, before:

# Babylogger: Android Application to log information about the daily activities of your baby.

## So far you can track 
+ Diaper Changes.
+ Weight, Height and Head Measurements.
+ Feeds - Bottle and Breast Feeding.
+ Exporting Data via Email - Needs to be background processed.
+ Graphing : Feeds Remaining - some issues still
+ Profile Screen: - Image Capture Issues
+ Milestones : - Change UI
+ Tutorial screen : - Change UI
+ Transparent Toolbar - migrate to toolbar from actionbar
+ Sleep Tracking
+ The app launch site is thebabyapp.com - build on bootstrap theme I purchased from wrapbootstrap (not sharing that code due to license issues)
+ Backing up to cloud via Parse or Personal Server


## Todo

+ Sleep Cloud Functions calling and caching.
+ Add Links to Privacy, Terms and Conditions on the Login Page.
+ Milestone Images
+ Baby Images
+ SignUp screen login ...



## Stretch Goals 
+ Adding Multiple Baby Tracking.
+ Web component for the application.
+ Equivalent IOS Application. 
+ Reminders
+ Milestone Pictures

Commit message:

modifying export to use apis

README.md, after:

# Babylogger: Android Application to log information about the daily activities of your baby.

## So far you can track 
+ Diaper Changes.
+ Weight, Height and Head Measurements.
+ Feeds - Bottle and Breast Feeding.
+ Exporting Data via Email - Needs to be background processed.
+ Graphing : Feeds Remaining - some issues still
+ Profile Screen: - Image Capture Issues
+ Milestones : - Change UI
+ Tutorial screen : - Change UI
+ Transparent Toolbar - migrate to toolbar from actionbar
+ Sleep Tracking
+ The app launch site is thebabyapp.com - build on bootstrap theme I purchased from wrapbootstrap (not sharing that code due to license issues)
+ Backing up to cloud via Parse or Personal Server


## Todo

+ Sleep Cloud Functions calling and caching.
+ Add Links to Privacy, Terms and Conditions on the Login Page.
+ Milestone Images ..
+ Baby Images..
+ Cloud function to export and email it out ...



## Stretch Goals 
+ Adding Multiple Baby Tracking.
+ Web component for the application.
+ Equivalent IOS Application. 
+ Reminders
+ Milestone Pictures
